README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Fredy</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate full-stack developer from Tanzania</h3>



- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Machine Learning, Django and Flutter**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **any project**

- 👨‍💻 Some of my projects are available at <a href="https://www.mrgreat.greatcompanies.net" target="_blank"> Here </a>

- 📫 How to reach me **fredgerman30@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I use emojis while commenting my code**


<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/django/django-original.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://golang.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="go" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.apple.com/swift/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/swift/swift-original.svg" alt="swift" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/adobe-xd.svg" alt="xd" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<!-- <a href="https://app.daily.dev/mrgreat_fredy"><img src="https://api.daily.dev/devcards/9e2017ccf2384232be26dfa3450103e4.png?r=8sw" width="400" alt="Fredy's Dev Card"/></a>   This is the manual Dev Card the one below is the automatic one. -->

<a href="https://app.daily.dev/DailyDevTips"><img src="https://github.com/fdagreat/fdagreat/blob/main/devcard.svg" width="400" alt="Fredy's Dev Card"/></a>
<!-- <img src="devcard.svg" width="400" alt="Fredy's Dev Card New"/> -->

Commit message:

talked about the linkSnitch in the ReadMe

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Fredy</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate full-stack developer from Tanzania</h3>



- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Machine Learning, Django and Flutter**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **any project**

- 👨‍💻 Some of my projects are available at <a href="https://www.mrgreat.greatcompanies.net" target="_blank"> Here </a>

- 📫 How to reach me **fredgerman30@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I use emojis while commenting my code*

- ✅ Fun fact about this file **I made an Action to make sure all links in here are not Broken 😁**
check out the repo for the action - https://github.com/fdagreat/linksnitch 


<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/django/django-original.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://golang.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="go" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.apple.com/swift/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/swift/swift-original.svg" alt="swift" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/adobe-xd.svg" alt="xd" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<!-- <a href="https://app.daily.dev/mrgreat_fredy"><img src="https://api.daily.dev/devcards/9e2017ccf2384232be26dfa3450103e4.png?r=8sw" width="400" alt="Fredy's Dev Card"/></a>   This is the manual Dev Card the one below is the automatic one. -->

<a href="https://app.daily.dev/DailyDevTips"><img src="https://github.com/fdagreat/fdagreat/blob/main/devcard.svg" width="400" alt="Fredy's Dev Card"/></a>
<!-- <img src="devcard.svg" width="400" alt="Fredy's Dev Card New"/> -->
